---
ID: 422
post_title: >
  Call for Papers “The Church’s Public
  Witness”
author: Adam DJ Brett
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: https://nabpr.org/422-2/
published: true
post_date: 2017-02-02 13:12:11
---
<strong>Call for Papers </strong><strong>“The Church’s Public Witness”</strong>
A Scholarly Conference held in conjunction with the ABC/USA Biennial Mission Summit
<em>Portland Convention Center, Portland, Oregon</em>
<strong>June 29</strong><strong>th</strong><strong>, 2017</strong>

The Office of the General Secretary of ABC-USA and the Theologians Commission will host the fourth pre-biennial theology conference around the theme <strong><em>The Church’s Public Witness </em></strong>in an effort to foster ongoing, vigorous theological conversations among American Baptist theologians, pastor-theologians, and theological educators throughout the denomination.

The Theologians Commission invites proposals of presentations that address (American) Baptist notions of <em>The Church’s Public Witness</em>. Scholars in social ethics, systematic theology, biblical studies, church history, missiology, and practical theology are invited to offer proposals for a 20-minute presentation. Additionally, panels of three participants may be proposed. Presentations that explore the views and perspectives of under-represented groups are encouraged.

<strong>Proposals should be 750-1,000 words</strong>, and make explicit the paper’s connection to the conference theme. Proposals must include: the author’s full name, paper title, institutional affiliation, email and telephone contact. These proposals, <strong>due <span tabindex="0" data-term="goog_1496140908">March 15</span></strong>, 2017, should include a brief summary of the argument to be made and beginning bibliography.

<strong>Full papers may then be submitted for publication consideration to the <em>American Baptist Quarterly</em>. </strong>Authors should attend to the audience as readers rather than listeners. Papers submitted for publication should be approximately 20 pages long (12-point font, double-spaced) and must be fully footnoted. The deadline for submission to <em>ABQ </em>editors is <span tabindex="0" data-term="goog_1496140909">August 1, 2017</span>. Guidelines for authors will be distributed to conference presenters.

<strong>Submit paper proposals before <span tabindex="0" data-term="goog_1496140910">March 15, 2017</span> to Dr. Donald Brash - <a href="mailto:dbrash@eastern.edu" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">dbrash@eastern.edu</a>. Notification of acceptance will be given by <span tabindex="0" data-term="goog_1496140911">April 15, 2017</span>.</strong>

The Theologians Conference will take place in conjunction with the 2017 Biennial Mission Summit of American Baptist Churches, USA. Conferees will gather at the Portland Convention Center <span tabindex="0" data-term="goog_1496140912">on Thursday</span>, June 29th, 2017,<span tabindex="0" data-term="goog_1496140913">8:00am – 5:30pm</span>.

The conveners regret that we are not able to pay honoraria or expenses. Presenters must register for the Conference.