---
title: The Julian Gwyn Essay Prize in Baptist and Anabaptist History and Thought
date: 2019-05-13T12:55:43+03:02
author: adamdjbrett
teaser: "The Acadia Centre for Baptist and Anabaptist Studies (ACBAS) is pleased to announce a new prize competition in the general field of Baptist and Anabaptist history and thought, especially in Canada’s Atlantic region."
layout: page
permalink: /2019-julian-gwyn-prize-baptist-anabaptist-history-thought/
image:
  title: /images/2019-ACBAS-essay-prize.jpg
  thumb: /images/thumbs/2019-ACBAS-essay-prize_tn.jpg
categories:
  - Calls for Papers (CFP)
tags:
  - call for papers
  - cfp
  - essay
show_meta: true  
---
## Update
The Acadia Centre for Baptist and Anabaptist Studies (ACBAS) is pleased to announce the _Julian Gwyn Essay Prize in Baptist and Anabaptist History and Thought_.

ACBAS is a joint venture between the Acadia Divinity College and Acadia University. This centre was established in 1991 and its primary goal is to facilitate and encourage studies in the fields of Baptist and Anabaptist History and Thought. For this reason, we are excited to announce this new essay prize and would very much appreciate your assistance in making the existence of this prize known to students.
<!--more-->
Blessings,  
Rev. Evan Colford,  
_ACBAS Administrative Committee_

The Acadia Centre for Baptist and Anabaptist Studies (ACBAS) is pleased to announce a new prize competition in the general field of Baptist and Anabaptist history and thought, especially in Canada’s Atlantic region.

The annual Julian Gwyn Prize in Baptist and Anabaptist History and Thought, in the amount of $250 (Canadian), will be awarded for the best article approved for publication in a peer- reviewed journal (including peer-reviewed student journals, open access journals, hybrid journals) by a doctoral- or masters-level student, in French or English. The initial award will be given for submissions published in 2018–2019, and annually thereafter when submissions of outstanding quality are received. The awards will normally be announced by November 1st following the close of the annual competition (June 30th of each year).

All submissions must include:

  1. An electronic copy of the article
  2. Proof of the date of submission
  3. Proof of current student status
  4. Email Submissions to acadiacbas@gmail.com

* Photo: First Baptist Church, Amherst, NS (Acadia University Archives and Special Collections).

&nbsp;
[⤓ Download the CFP as a PDF](/docs/2019-ACBAS-essay-prize.pdf)
