---
layout: page
Date: 2020-07-01T12:00:00+00:00
subheadline: "New Book"
title: "Cut in Stone: Confederate Monuments and Theological Disruption"
teaser: "Rather than serving as neutral objects of public remembrance, Confederate monuments articulate a narration of the past that forms the basis for a normative vision of the future."
meta_description: "Confederate monuments figure prominently as epicenters of social conflict...The story, told through the character of a religious mythos, carries implicit sacred convictions; thus, these spires and statues are inherently <em>theological</em>."
categories:
  - Books of Interest
tags:
  - Baptists
  - Christianity
  - Theology
  - Confederate-Monuments
image:
  title: "/images/books/9781481312165.jpg"
  thumb: "/images/thumbs/9781481312165_tn.jpg"
  homepage: "/images/books/9781481312165-cut-in-stone-cover.jpg"
  caption: "Cut in Stone: Confederate Monuments and Theological Disruption, book cover"
  caption_url: "https://www.baylorpress.com/9781481312165/cut-in-stone/"
show_meta: true
published: true
---
Congratulations to NABPR member, Ryan Andrew Newson on the publication of his new book _Cut in Stone: Confederate Monuments and Theological Disruption_ (Baylor University Press, 2020). Newson's previous book was [_Inhabiting the World_](/inhabiting-the-world/) which was part of the [_Perspectives on Baptist Identities_](/publications/#perspectives-on-baptist-identities) series. _Cut in Stone_ that the normative and formative function of Confederate monuments is _theological_ in nature.

## Book Description
>Confederate monuments figure prominently as epicenters of social conflict. These stone and metal constructs resonate with the tensions of modern America, giving concrete definition to the ideologies that divide us. Confederate monuments alone did not generate these feelings of aggravation, but they are far from innocent. Rather than serving as neutral objects of public remembrance, Confederate monuments articulate a narration of the past that forms the basis for a normative vision of the future. The story, told through the character of a religious mythos, carries implicit sacred convictions; thus, these spires and statues are inherently _theological_.
>
>In _Cut in Stone_, Ryan Andrew Newson contends that we cannot fully understand or disrupt these statues without attending to the convictions that give them their power. With a careful overview of the historical contexts in which most Confederate monuments were constructed, Newson demonstrates that these "memorials" were part of a revisionary project intended to resist the social changes brought on by Reconstruction while maintaining a romanticized Southern identity. Confederate monuments thus reinforce a theology concerning the nature of sacrifice and the ultimacy of whiteness. Moreover, this underlying theology serves to conceal inherited collective wounds in the present.
>
>If Confederate monuments are theologically weighted in their allure, then it stands to reason that they must also be contested at this level—precisely as sacred symbols. Newson responds to these inherently theological objects with suggestions for action that are sensitive to the varying contexts within which monuments reside, showing that while all Confederate monuments must come under scrutiny, some monuments should remain standing, but in redefined contexts. _Cut in Stone_ represents the first detailed theological investigation of Confederate monuments, a resource for the larger collective task of determining how to memorialize problematic pasts and how to shape public space amidst contested memory.



### Praise for the book
>Ryan Newson presents readers with a critical theological analysis of the performative power of Confederate monuments and how such visual depictions of enshrined war heroes cloak America’s sinful legacy of racism and racial violence and their profound theological implications and social consequences for one’s conception of God, beliefs about citizenship and religious freedom, and vision for humanity’s collective future. _Cut in Stone_ has laudable aims in its sharp political critiques and forward-thinking goal of remapping ways in which persons can respectfully discuss lamentable wrongs and at the same time strive to live peaceably together in a society.
>
>~Kenyatta R. Gilbert, Professor of Homiletics, Howard University School of Divinity


### Purchasing Details
Ryan Andrew Newson, _Cut in Stone: Confederate Monuments and Theological Disruption_, Baylor University Press, 2020, ISBN: 9781481312165.
<https://www.baylorpress.com/9781481312165/cut-in-stone/>.


`Blockquotes and images via Baylor University Press`
