---
layout: page
subheadline: "Call for Papers"
title: "2021 NABPR CFP"
teaser: "2021 Call for Papers, National Association of Baptist Professors of Religion,Annual Meeting, Baylor University, Waco, TX"
meta_description: "Paper or panel proposals on any aspect of pedagogy related to the teaching of Religion are encouraged."
categories:
  - CFP
tags:
  - CFP
  - Christianity
  - pedagogy
  - teaching
  - religion
image:
  header: "/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Baylor-tidwell-bible-building-texascollectionbaylor-flickr.jpg"
  thumb: "/images/thumbs/Baylor-tidwell-bible-building-texascollectionbaylor-flickr_tn.jpg"
  homepage: "/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Baylor-tidwell-bible-building-texascollectionbaylor-flickr.jpg"
  caption: "Baylor University Tidwell Bible Building"
  caption_url: "https://www.flickr.com/photos/texascollectionbaylor/5022007844"
---
Call for Papers

National Association of Baptist Professors of Religion

Annual Meeting

Baylor University

Waco, TX

May 17 – 19, 2021

The National Association of Baptist Professors of Religion (NABPR) invites paper proposals in any area pertaining to scholarship in Religion. In an effort to develop innovative conversations among scholars, papers that create integration between traditional disciplines or broaden the margins of disciplinary conversations are encouraged. Although many NABPR members work primarily in the traditional disciplines of Biblical Studies, Church History, Theology, etc., proposals are encouraged from any field, including Ministry Studies.

Paper or panel proposals on any aspect of pedagogy related to the teaching of Religion are encouraged.

Graduate students are encouraged to submit proposals. Graduate students must register for the meeting, but the cost is waived, regardless of whether a paper is proposed. 

**The 2020 Annual Meeting was cancelled due to COVID. NABPR will attempt to contact all presenters from 2020 to determine whether they will be able to present at the 2021 Annual Meeting. Since not all presenters from 2020 will be able to come to the 2021 meeting, we encourage new proposals for 2021. **

New proposals must be received by January 15, 2021\. Proposals should include the name(s) and contact information of the presenter(s), title of the presentation, preferred discipline, and 300-word abstract. Submit proposals electronically to:

Dr. Christine Jones

**cjones[at]cn[dot]edu**

Papers will be scheduled into a 30-minute time period, including discussion.

Proposals will be accepted or denied by March 1, 2021.

```
Graduate Students are encouraged to submit proposals.

Authors of accepted proposals must be members of NABPR in good standing by May 1.  Inquiries about dues and membership status should be directed to Joyce Swoveland: joyce_swoveland[at]baylor[dot]edu.
```
