---
layout: page
subheadline: "CFP"
title: "2024 NABPR Annual meeting"
teaser: "The National Association of Baptist Professors of Religion (NABPR) invites paper and panel proposals for the annual May Meeting, May 20-22, 2024, First Baptist Church, Raleigh, North Carolina."
image:
  title: "/images/schools/Baylor_University_June_2016_22_Tidwell_Bible_Building.jpg"
  thumb: "/images/thumbs/Baylor_University_June_2016_22_Tidwell_Bible_Building_tn.jpg"
  homepage: "/images/schools/Baylor_University_June_2016_22_Tidwell_Bible_Building.jpg"
  caption: "Baylor University June 2016 22 (Tidwell Bible Building).jpg. From Wikimedia Commons, the free media repository"
  caption_url: "https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Baylor_University_June_2016_22_(Tidwell_Bible_Building).jpg"
categories:
  - cfp
tags:
  - cfp
  - NABPR
  - theology
  - baptist
author: adamdjbrett
show_meta: true
---

## National Association of Baptist Professors of Religion
## Call for Papers Details
- Annual Meeting
- Baylor University
- Waco, Texas
- May 19-21, 2025


The National Association of Baptist Professors of Religion (NABPR) invites paper and panel proposals in any area pertaining to Religion, Biblical Studies, Christian History, Theology, Ethics, Ministry Studies, Pedagogy, Religion and Faith in Higher Education, and other related areas.\
The May meeting represents a collaboration between the National Association of Baptist Professors of Religion, the Association of Ministry Guidance Professionals, and the Baptist History & Heritage Society. Each organization is issuing a separate call for papers. Individuals may submit different paper proposals to multiple organizations, but may not submit the same proposal to multiple organizations. For individuals submitting proposals to multiple organizations, please indicate so when submitting.

This year, we particularly welcome proposals dealing with ministerial sexual misconduct and abuse, a topic that will be related to the plenary sessions.

Graduate students are encouraged to submit proposals. Graduate students must register for the meeting, but the cost is reduced to a $5 administrative fee, regardless of whether a paper is proposed. Graduate students who present are awarded a $250 travel stipend.

Proposals must be received by January 15, 2025. Proposals should include the name(s) and contact information of the presenter(s), title of the presentation, preferred discipline, and 300-word abstract.

[Submit proposals via this form.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd61aoztfFhuXDJ4oqAQrtUog9r-bKQXW26y9GJZQK2WJdq7A/viewform)

Papers will be scheduled into a 30-minute time period, including discussion.
Proposals will be accepted or denied by March 1, 2025.

## NOVEMBER 23, Saturday NABPR Meeting AAR/SBL in San Diego:
[Saturday, 9:00 AM - 11:30 AM - Grand Hyatt-Coronado E (Fourth Level)](https://papers.aarweb.org/online-program-book-print/52533)
Please join us for coffee, fellowship, a plenary address by Ben Cowan (UC San Diego), an address by NABPR President, João Chaves (Baylor University), and an installment in our ongoing conversation on religious scholarship in the media by Anna Sieges Beal (Gardner-Webb U)
